Narrative: This is a 0-player game that is similar to Agar.io, but it presents some unique twists. Our game has three unique Circles, each implemented by a different member of the group. The ExplodingCircle 'explodes' from its centerpoint once it reaches a predetermined radius after consuming food and other circles.

Jaden: I implemented the ExplodingCircle class as planned in the progress report. Rather than creating a display method, I utilized the display method from the Circle class. Adding the ExplodingCircle to the main class required me to use new keywords such as 'instanceof' in order to add the new 'exploded' circles to the ArrayList of Circles that was being iterated through.

Nathan: I implemented the circle, food, and splitting circle classes. The circle class was the base class for all other groupmate classes. The base class was created so that we all had the same idea about how the circles should move. This class provided funcions for increasing size and adjusting the speed and direction of the circle. The food class was implemented so that the circles would be able to increase in size. The Splitting circle class would split in the direction of the of a nearby circle as long as the circle was more than 2.2 times smaller than the splitting circle. The splitting circle splits in front of the other circle in order to intercept and engulf the smaller circle. I tried to implement a function that would predict the exact angle to intercept the circle but I could not figure it out. The speed is increased of the split circle to intercept the smaller circle. The speed is lerped to the correct speed of the circle (for the size of the circle). 

Abraham: I implemented the StrategyCircle class as plannded in the progress report. Since we decided to have all circles move the same way, I had to tweak the defining feature of what makes this class strategic. Instead of focusing on what direction the circle should move, the strategy comes from deciding what size the circle should be. To maintain a decent speed while also not being too small, this circle will shed or grow in size every couple of seconds without the need for food. Initially, I wanted the shed amounts to become new circle but too many problems came from this. The circle follows three rules: 1) if under radius size 30, increase radius by fixed amount, 2) if above radius size 40, decrease radius by fixed amount, 3) if between radius size 30 and 40, increase or decrease radius by random amount.
